I believe grades are an easy way to measure a students proficiency in any given subject and also a way to measure a teachers proficiency at teaching that subject. I also believe that grades are also the easiest way for businesses/schools/orginizations to sort who they would want to have in there organization. When applying to schools for example it is much easier for a school to look at a 4.0 grade average as a measurement  then it is to look at each individuls "narrative reports and detailed descriptions of curriculum" (Kohn). There may be students who are able to get into prestigious Universities that way now, but if grades where elimated I think it would be near impossible to distinguish the higher achievers for the rest of the population.

Despite how important I think grades are as a sorting mechanism, I do bellive that Kohn has some very compelling points in his article. One of the points that resonates with me the most is students will often take easist possible task for completeing work. Through much of my educational career I have defaulted to taking the path of least resistance to completing any and all assignemnts. Chosing familiar topics for projects, shorter books, and cutting corners on asignments are things I have regularly done from as early as elementary school. Using these strategies has tought me to spend the least amount of time on my work and not to think criticaly about assignments. Another reason I use these stratigies is the "award" of a good grade is not worth the extra effort and struggle of exploring topics/assingments deeper. Most of the time when doing an assignment the bare minimum can get you a high grade, while going above and beyond doesn't ever reward that much more.

It is clear to me that after reading this article and reflecting on my path as a student that graedes-based learning is not the most effective way of learning.I'm not convinced that no grades are the best solution , but but I have seen first hand how unmotivating it can be to learn with having a grade attatched to everything.  
